for rock community I played about once a
week
Alan playing anywhere up to three times
a week sometimes four so let's get me
back in shape that hockey community is
great because it's so organized so it's
like you can like you know what you're
busy you can shop you can really
organize your week
and make it you know like that it's
always full
who's that it's great lilies and it's a
great spirit so it's a lot of fun
we pretty familiar go we live there any
children I think the quickly many
people's lives whenever people I'm
spotting to exercise going on growing
and helping others and Department I just
started playing hockey with three months
ago and I see myself improving every
single game and keeping up with the
better guys and Sam's going out for him
in a log man since like I wasn't like
terrible shape before and like me I have
two two kids and really don't have time
and you know go have time to say hockey
during the day and let's would so you
know start playing hockey every night at
10:45 you know if I make it went to
sleep and yes so I'd see my health is
improving and with new people and yeah
it's really good great I'm going to see
it go bigger right now it's real big in
the Lower Mainland you see I like to see
it head all the way across Canada United
States and even into Europe but like you
see grew all across Canada just to get
all of Canada in it
you desiccating Canadian sport I
think it girls probably across Montana I
think it should be good because to me is
slowly growing every sorry people's
communities grow is definitely one
this happening to everybody definitely a
lot of space on Mars for everybody
healthy potentially becoming really big
I mean it's kind of nice right now
because I mean anytime you go look on
the site I mean within the Vancouver
area there's always at least a couple
games and that kind of thing that you
can pop into and you know sign up for I
mean I do it probably about once a week
which is kind of a good good number for
me but yes but I mean I could see it
getting bigger and there's more events
happening and be able to have like more
possible events to go through the
Seahawk community a little adjusting
Vancouver but all over Canada and bring
more people together because hockey just
unites everybody doesn't matter who you
are or what race you are just because I
write it together and makes everybody
happy
you got a glove on too cocky community
you know you is awesome